--- page 1 ---
Software Installation Instructions
MinGW Installation 
 
Step-1: 
First, check if your system is 32 or 64 bit. 
Go to, Settings -> System -> About and 
Look for, 
System Type - 64-bit operating system, x64-based processor 
 
Step-2:  
Download MinGW according to your system architecture, you found in the Step-1. 
Find 64-bit MinGW here  
Find 32-bit MinGW here  
 
Step-3: After downloading the zip file, extract it.
Step-4: 
Double click on to that extracted file, 
You will see a folder inside it called mingw64.
Step-5:  
Copy that folder and paste it into your C drive.

--- page 2 ---
Step-6:  
Double click on the mingw64 folder you just copied into the C drive and Copy the 
location as you can see in the picture above and store in a notepad. 
C:\mingw64 (in my case)

--- page 3 ---
Step-7:  
Double click on the bin folder inside mingw64. Copy the location as you can see in 
the picture above and store it in a notepad. 
C:\mingw64\bin (in my case)
Step-8:
Now, we will update the path variables. Go to windows-search and type env

--- page 4 ---
Go to “Edit the system environment variables”. We will edit the system variables,
Select the Path variable and click Edit, It will open up a new window then press 
New
paste the location you saved in Step-6 (C:\mingw64)  
Then again press New and paste the location you saved in Step-7 
(C:\mingw64\bin)  
Finally, press Ok and save. After setting the path variables, restart your computer. 
(you MUST do it)

--- page 5 ---
Step-9:  
Now open your command prompt and Type G++ --version. You should see 
something like the picture below.
Git Bash Installation
Step-1: Download Git Bash from here  
 
Step-2: Simply double click the .exe file you downloaded and it will be installed.  
 
Verify: To verify if git bash is installed, go to any folder and right click on your 
mouse,  
 
And you should Git Bash and Git GUI in the options.

--- page 6 ---
FLEX Installation
Step-1: Download Flex from here  
Step-2: Simply double click the .exe file you downloaded and it will be 
installed.  
Step-3: Now go to the path variable, this time we will check the user 
variables, ( refer to Step-8 of MinGW installation in case you forgot how 
go to path variables )  
Select Path and click Edit,

--- page 7 ---


--- page 8 ---
